We once again descended into silence, and as we listened to the small waves crashing against the breakers, we didn’t speak. It was a long time,
longer than I can remember.
When I finally regained my senses, she was crying. I ran my finger along her tear-soaked cheek and then put my arms around her shoulders.
It’d been a long time since I’d felt the scent of summer. The smell of the ocean, the distant steam whistle, feeling the skin of a girl’s hand, the lemon
scent of her conditioner, the evening wind, faint hopes, summer dreams…
However, like a piece of tracing paper slipping away, everything had, little by little, become irreparably different than it had been in the past. 36
It took us a half hour to walk back to her apartment.
It was a pleasant-feeling night, and after she finished crying, she was frighteningly cheerful. On the way home, we popped into a few stores and
shopped intently for things we didn’t really need. Things like strawberry-scented toothpaste and gaudy beach towels, some kind of puzzle made in
Denmark, six ballpoint pens, clutching these things we walked uphill, occasionally pausing to look back towards the harbor.

I sipped my beer and focused on Midori as she went on cooking, her
back to me. She worked with quick, nimble movements, handling no
fewer than four cooking procedures at once. Over here she tasted a
boiled dish, and the next second she was at the cutting board, rat-tat-
tatting, then she took something out of the fridge and piled it in a
bowl, and before I knew it she had washed a pot she had finished
using. From the back she looked like an Indian percussionist - ringing
a bell, tapping a block, striking a water-buffalo bone, each movement
precise and economical, with perfect balance. I watched in awe.

So we lay in the tall grass between the soccer field and the woods, passing the bottle back and forth and tilting our heads up to sip the
wince-inducing wine. As promised in the list, she brought a Kurt Vonnegut book, Cat's Cradle, and she read aloud to me, her soft voice
mingling with the the frogs' croaking and the grasshoppers landing softly around us. I did not hear her words so much as the cadence of her
voice. She'd obviously read the book many times before, and so she read flawlessly and confidently, and I could hear her smile in the reading of
it, and the sound of that smile made me think that maybe I would like novels better if Alaska Young read them to me. After a while, she put
down the book, and I felt warm but not drunk with the bottle resting between us—my chest touching the bottle and her chest touching the bottle
but us not touching each other, and then she placed her hand on my leg.
Her hand just above my knee, the palm flat and soft against my jeans and her index finger making slow, lazy circles that crept toward
the inside of my thigh, and with one layer between us, God I wanted her. And lying there, amid the tall, still grass and beneath the star-
drunk sky, listening to the just-this-side-of-inaudible sound of her rhythmic breathing and the noisy silence of the bullfrogs, the grasshoppers,
the distant cars rushing endlessly on 1-65, I thought it might be a fine time to say the Three Little Words. And I steeled myself to say them as I
stared up at that starriest night, convinced myself that she felt it, too, that her hand so alive and vivid against my leg was more than playful, and
fuck Lara and fuck Jake because I do, Alaska Young, I do love you and what else matters but that and my lips parted to speak and before I
could even begin to breathe out the words, she said, "It's not life or death, the labyrinth."1
